just my dude to fight for the Kentucky
[Applause]
Pro tab to my family
[Music]
Oh every on our jostle do you know why
the Phoenix sits on the right hand at
the Opera she is his guardian his
protector does she's both beautiful and
strong your job is to bring honor to the
family do you think you can do that
citizens we are under attack from
northern invaders their leader calls
himself
Horicon fights alongside of which no
survivors
by eating of his Imperial Majesty every
family must contribute one love to fight
a few no son I am blessed with two
daughters I will fight
we must be strong
this time he will not return loyal brave
and true it is my duty to protect my
family
[Music]
ancestors please protect her
what is your name soldier what gian come
in her son of haja we're gonna make men
out of every single one of you
lose again
the spirits is evident as something
holds you back
[Music]
when they find out who you are they will
show you no mercy
[Music]
I'm Hamelin I will bring honor to us all
you